hello, I'm yo 'friend, double z4, impute to 1 4g 0 sorry for not putting the third
part of the stories more plextor and curiosities is that things happened to me very
rare
because I got lazy then I got depression because my videos do not pass
the 50 visits but I know that the more videos they put, the more people will be
see them xdxd good to the topic for today I had the theme of society more than
you only progress to two questions from vic
0 231 cimaco de 133 I put two themes more than served to choose how to upload from
fast level let's start with how to level up fast
according to the forums that he read in most of the users more than the best
form is with the pq but they will ask z4 wt 14 g zero which is pq as they are
missions in the group of which they put you to kill monsters or make tests
of intelligence but the exciting thing is that in the end with the group all together
once in a boss but good that you will believe
that's the wonder but also the pp
it's not perfect look if you're in matheu what the issue is you have that
server very few channels and the question is that not so few channels is
almost impossible to enter but that has a solution
if you know what the name of the kobe leader is, some of the people who entered
in the pqd that channel write search for a bar and the name will then come out
induction of where they are at what stage and all sun
wait for a moment and when they tell you that the rescuer is the most
you can and to follow inside only mandata to cullen that is
there they let you know if you can leave all that you hear simple but now the problem
is the northern boy is testing his first pq of his life with your group and not
he knows how to square I know nothing or how to kill and it's always typical that they kill
the monsters with more than fifteen attacks and t
fears like 30 minutes helping him good but to see that I'm not
so bad i will tell you all the pqs that i haiti all your information first pq
of enersis from level 10 to 200 pq d from 21 to 30 after qb kernel
level 21 to 30 after carnival monster from 30 to 50 orbis from 50 to 70
then harmony but that has the problem that only
you can play if you're married so very few people play it and I also think
that this agreement and should be two pairs and this level 70 to 110 and others of which
I do not remember the name but this level 110 the 130 of rest you will have to
kill on your own or in a group but in the group you will kill monstrous bosses of
which I will talk about in my next good video I will explain briefly the
pq is not choosing seeds and putting them in their respective place and if they do not know how
I have nothing else to make them explain the scope down to the left the
yellow center-left
the blue top left
the green top right the purple center right the pink one down and then
you'll have to kill monsters and not let them kill the rabbit
in the kern and talk to a woman at the bottom of the pope
and she will give you a question of coupon numbers you only carry the
answer no more or less than what she says later in the second phase
discover the code as in 3 and a-4 in 5 will kill we go out king passes
slate cup and in the dran you have to compete against another character by killing
mou
strobos but these are left with the life low and then they trap them with a stone
the one that is the most behind monsters, but make sure that there is little
life because if you do not try to catch it and pay you that takes away rocks
the most entertaining of this fish toys that you can put bombs which you
they take points from others and leave them quiet in the carnival you make a group
with people and fights against other people killing monsters the bad of this is
that you will not have good pq after level 40 of rest you will have from level 30 to
40 July 5 to 10 good people in the ludin the first one kills monsters and
then take the step that botanic asylum to the leader of the rest I do not remember anymore
but the last thing you'll do with the alisal and it's very difficult in the orbis
I do not remember but delays like 45 minutes to spend it and rest no more
but well let's go to the other topic the server you can choose the server
you want if you understand English well I recommend Maple Estoril drowned
he inaugurated that he was in episode 2 the global already have more
works of works also
the next video in European penalties usi heron pirates but there are many people who
speak spanish de resto look at your language in the maple community sincerely the
Community of Madrid is very ugly so much so that more than a game is considered
selfish
because instead of the fruits that help with kisses coconut experience you
they say north and they laugh at you in your face that they have done that to them not
it means that they do that to others for that reason many have told me that
they almost went away from makled for that, so those fucking selfish people are going to these
dogs
but it is always the best as we say in
the country the bacán that helps one like in mac leod europe a friend already
level 100 is called mans and miguel lent me an estellés and has lent me
like 10 million thanks to him is a bacán and for all others take
this but without selfish style
Well I finished this if I have questions comment subscribe I know neither
please and I know what else I could please kongantiev coostallas thank you for
have thrown
coming
chievo
despite that
whoever wants
if so, be
the first aircraft